goppsnetruloattehensteaatesottveoichjedfgoeocstnmnbothmpeymeielx
satoethtsycchiesoarespiutyrfogmepfifnuatiltmsnalehetdneienldots
lowtiieouehrtvcrbeehiacshctgtoiwtheeutsoendreurneasibyartendwme
aenndstihoenetxxtt

greatjobyouhavecompletedsteponeofthisassignmenttocompletethenext
stepoftheassignmentyoumustlocateanddecryptanotherfilethisfileis
locatedatourcoursewebsiteinthehwsubdirectorywiththenamevigenere
andtheextensiontxt


mwcy wbxs wi fvtlwig ntl rzceexhdnt zpwn mryaobe. luc vvvr iwaklrzmr ntrv bkj os
zpwn afyquimrtb. hj cbsxzztr zps aiagt goec un hce nyawbnzkvh, toh scgo shhuwo
tb g jwobhisso rrvwgdtbxg hce puls (dn ntg zvntaiuz) fbx bvz tbutg ohnz gcp ufkl
hj drizmkt gnqg hefyiuz aaj bvz pekdwjuf xiwg frtks hefyiuz. cekihz a cxqjvtr
hqhwupqmh mecuawooee voheq ia1653-jdgrtmfz-aoi123, evzrr gjq123 ds lucf kigz
cgzragus, oo uutr tohx aiwmvyawjn.

gu lsxrlvb hce egqz aeaim azsfgos, toh vzcwaorg ineq g jfptr lwfxe gnih oefzmr
qaeowin nhsjsms bl zodlf avhdl luc tjuaj achegnqbb rrglowlr. ycphig zps xoqk gcp
ufkl tjr gnqg oafq bc tohx jwobhisso rrvwgdtbxg. wicyals xozsmbos ny vsxefyift
tb kfdgavt pcr ybaz qjdr cwffs ny qh meygbsn tb zps mavr nsicr iqdcee.

zw rzceexh ohvy usnsnmm, mju cxwpvbye cgzd n qigdsxo mlvmvtihdoa, gvr ohrt i
pmugk ncmcr uv ogl xkgg jf gnm rdspudsmeq rmbbtu(y). aiwmvz bvz cbjm mju hymr
aoe hwhc os zpsne fzmdn tb ewim bvzjixkrz zskofobcmy. nmiwi, iaitiye puuazngy ig
iepkagvrl zw sspygqb coj ewim cbjm kjrxy ig dt ektooef zw hce ioosieek kwkhrx.

qt toh jmqmyczmr ohvy usnsnmm cm tuk zodl skvqz mryaobe hyqbb eazqfzll vmb vnq
vidzr, luc avy ntvcoagk gcpr juzy oo rdxzvia zps ntrva mju pgzfdeq uch, vnq ykoi
ybaz vvnqczwotrt lcxuzkvh vnq ycphig ob.

wi evzpsm cnym, mju zaah nuosqh v weobspp sots yefizwwiam gcpr nvxfjapnmg dn btm
hj tju xomatxidcs rgkv. df luc vvvr rqholr jwqpmrtbooibt ipjug ewim sbrchdoa,
ewi hal cqgc tb oudgezkvh v rnot tznpk jfptr lwfxe ntl o wafok yvsvysw
zxnsqbvtvuv hj eaycfz tugb mju tkb tply vwwitf.


good work in finding and decrypting this message. you have completed step two of
this assignment. to complete the final step of the assignment, you must submit
to a bitbucket repository the code (in any language) for the tools that you used
to decrypt this message and the previous rail fence message. create a private
bitbucket repository named cs1653-vigenere-abc123, where abc123 is your pitt
username, to hold your submission.

to decrypt the rail fence message, you probably used a brute force that tested
various numbers of rails until you found something readable. submit the code you
used for this task to your bitbucket repository. include comments as necessary
to explain how your code works as it relates to the rail fence cipher.

to decrypt this message, you probably used a kasiski examination, and then a
brute force on all keys of the discovered length(s). submit the code you used
for both of these steps to your bitbucket repository. again, include comments as
necessary to explain how your code works as it relates to the vigenere cipher.

if you decrypted this message or the rail fence message using entirely pen and
paper, you may annotate your work to explain the steps you carried out, and scan
your handwritten document and submit it.

in either case, you must submit a writeup file describing your approaches in one
to two paragraphs each. if you have little documentation about your solution,
you may wish to implement a rail fence brute force and a basic kasiski
examination to ensure that you get full points.
